{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: Jon Sporring <jrh630@ku.dk>\
Subject: Fwd: Tilemldingsliste blok 1-2 reeksamen NDAB15009E Programmering og probleml\'f8sning\
Date: 8 April 2016 at 15.04.35 GMT+2\
To: Christina Lioma <c.lioma@di.ku.dk>, Torben \'c6gidius Mogensen <torbenm@di.ku.dk>\
Cc: Sune Hellfritzsch <sunehellfritzsch@gmail.com>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Hi Christina and Torben,\
(CC: Sune)\
\
There are 31 students signed up for reexam in PoP, as you can see in the attached documents. The exam is described in kurser.ku.dk as:\
\
"30 minutters mundtlig eksamen (inklusive bed\'f8mmelse, uden forberedelse) i fuldt pensum. Skriftlige hj\'e6lpemidler (notater og b\'f8ger mv.) er tilladt."\
\
and it\'92s pass/not passed. I suggest that we use 2 days with the first 16 students, Christina and I the first on April 19, and the last 15 students, Christina and Torben on April 20. most likely only 80% or less will show up (at most 13 and 12). Hence, I suggest that we repeat the system from last oopd: Ask all for that day to meet in the morning and sign up on a list. We examine the students in the order of names on that list, and when the \'a0list is completed, then the exam is over for that day. Christina asked for a late starting time, hence I suggest\
\
10:00-12:00 (4 students)\
12:00-12:30 lunch\
12:30-14:30 (4 students)\
14:30-14:45 break\
14:45-16:45 (4 students)\
\
If too many show up on the first day, then we decide in the morning, whether to extend the day or make the last students spill over to the following day. Too many on the last day implies extending the day.\
\
I would like to make the questions/topics public on Monday, and I\'92ve promised the reeksamination class students that they will be very similar to ugesedler. I suggest that we pick 6: \
\
3: (funktioner), tupler, records, typer, fejl og untagelser\
5: lister, m\'e6ngder og maps\
6: tr\'e6er\
9: mut\'e9rbare variable, while-l\'f8kker, arrays\
10: klasser og objekter\
11: nedarvning\
\
Any comments and/or objections?\
\
Best, Jon\
\
}